{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8620\viewh10180\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The first noticeable Code Smell in the set of files given to us is in the calculateTotalPrice() method in Order.java. This code is very long, which makes it hard to understand. I would fix this method by splitting it into smaller, more focused methods based on what function each section of code tackles. I plan to add an extra method that would help with price-discount calculation to reduce the method length. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Specifically, I will add a new accountForDiscount method to handle the discount calculation logic. This not only shortens calculateTotalPrice() but also encapsulates the discount logic, making future modifications easier.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
\
Additionally, because similar code is used in both the methods sendConfirmationEmail() and printOrder(), the similar functionalities of these methods can be delegated to a third method. I plan on making this third method that the two methods I named can call to reduce the length of our code and make it more concise. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 As per standard naming conventions, main.java should be renamed to Main.java to match the conventions used by the other classes and reflect the usual convention for main classes.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Lastly, because taxRate is a hard-coded value in TaxableItem.java, instead of just being labeled private double taxRate = 7, it can be changed to a constant \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 (private static final double TAX_RATE = 7.0) \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 for readability and clarity purposes. \
\
\
Group Members: \
\
Siddarth, Afsheen, Tanya, Vrinda, Aditi, Nedu}